(swooshing music)
All right,
I want you to try to do this one yourself.
I want you to make a sign out component,
put it in the URL bar, and then when someone clicks it,
it should sign them out, obviously,
and then re render the navigation
so that it shows them the signed out state.
Okay, welcome back.
Let's make a sign out component.
We'll go to our components here
and capital SignOut.js.
I realized I didn't do a capital.
Oh no, I did do a capital i on sign in.
Okay, make sure, capitals are some of the biggest support
requests I get.
So make sure you catch those capitals.
Then we'll go in here
and we will make a function export default function,
sign out.
And from that we can return a button
but the type of button, every time
I do a type of button, I see this slide pops up.
Get out of here.
And in here, you can either do sign out
or you could restructure the children
and then just render it out here.
But I'm just gonna have the word sign out just
for simplicity sake.
That's all we need.
Then what we'll do is we'll make a mutation.
So const signed out mutation.
So say const.
So say const sign Out mutation is equal
to G Q L bum bum, bum, import that sucker.
Try it again.
Second time's a charm.
And then inside of that, we need the mutation for it,
so say mutation.
In these cases I'm not gonna name it just
'cause we don't need to name it
if there's no arguments being passed
and all you have to do is say end session
and end session is a mutation in the Keystone backend
but there's no parentheses on the end, curiously enough
because it doesn't take any arguments or parameters
or variables or whatever you're gonna call it.
So somebody just end session.
That's the entire thing that we have.
Then we'll go here, say const square bracket, sign out.
Then you can also have a loading error data
all that stuff in our case, I don't think we need any of it.
Just simply sign out as used mutation and that got imported
good muse mutation takes a sign out mutation.
And then the arguments for when they sig out is we wanna
re fetch the current user so that it will re render.
So we fetch queries
Query current user query.
Okay, let's deal with our squiggles.
We don't need the children here.
I got to import current user query.
No suggestions.
Why is that the case?
Wonder if we do you see how I export it at there?
What if we do this export current user query?
Does that make it importable?
Ha wow.
So that's cool.
That's good.
And then we say on click is equal to sign out.
All right, so I got my incognito mode.
No, I don't.
We'll go into our nav and import that button.
So if the user is signed in,
we need to have our sign out component.
And then when they click it
It didn't work.
Let's take a look here.
Oh, okay, so it did work, but it didn't refresh.
Let's debug that I got now I got to sign in again.
(laughs)
Okay, now let's write some debugging here.
So on click, sign out.
If you need to debug it,
you just put a little inline function here.
Let's say sign out and we can also log signing out.
Oh, it does work sometimes the fast reload
or the hot reload, goofs it up.
So nothing wrong with that.
I can bring it back to this, sign out.
This will technically pass the click event
to our sign-out mutation, but it doesn't matter
'cause there's nothing that is it's expecting.
So that's fine.
Let's just triple check that actually
because that's the only thing we changed
and it did work so log in sign out.
Yeah, things are good.
So, that's the sign out.
See you in the next one.